boards: shields: x_nucleo_wb05kn1: Update documentation (#88792)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/shields/x_nucleo_wb05kn1/doc/index.rst

The X-NUCLEO-WB05KN1 is compatible out of the box with the Arduino UNO R3 connector.
The board interfaces with the host microcontroller via UART (default) or SPI peripheral.
However, the out-of-the-box firmware is not compatible with Zephyr; therefore, a controller-only
image should be flashed on the board using CN8 pin headers.

.. note::

>    ``DTM_UART_WITH_UPDATER_CONTROLLER`` and ``DTM_SPI_WITH_UPDATER_CONTROLLER`` are the compatible
>    firmware, available under ``Utilities/DTM_Controller_Only`` directory in the SDK provided by ST at
>    `X-CUBE-WB05N`_.

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, only one of the two firmwares can be flashed at a time?
If so, proposal:
```suggestion
   The `X-CUBE-WB05N`_ pacakge provided by ST contains firmwares compatible with Zephyr
   in the ``Utilities/DTM_Controller_Only`` directory (``DTM_UART_WITH_UPDATER_CONTROLLER``
   or ``DTM_SPI_WITH_UPDATER_CONTROLLER`` depending on which interface you want to use).
```

Reviewer 2: We highlight the need to update the firmware and where to find the binaries, fine.
Maybe we should just add the procedure (or just a link) to update the fw itself.
Who uses zephyr could be not aware about cube tools.

Author: @asm5878, do you mean that I should mention the tools for flashing the board?

Reviewer: I agree with @asm5878, instructions could be appreciated. Maybe linking to section §3.3 of UM3406 is sufficient? Besides the different goal, it does describe the update procedure.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/06d534bc-9196-4654-949d-852197738f21)

Author: Done.

The X-NUCLEO-WB05KN1 is compatible out of the box with the Arduino UNO R3 connector.
The board interfaces with the host microcontroller via UART (default) or SPI peripheral.
However, the out-of-the-box firmware is not compatible with Zephyr; therefore, a controller-only
image should be flashed on the board using CN8 pin headers.
For more information about how to change the firmware, please refer to `UM3406`_ section 3.3.

.. note::

>    The `X-CUBE-WB05N`_ pacakge provided by ST contains firmware compatible with Zephyr

Reviewer: Typo as pointed out by CI (my fault, sorry)
```suggestion
   The `X-CUBE-WB05N`_ package provided by ST contains firmware compatible with Zephyr
```

>    in the ``Utilities/DTM_Controller_Only`` directory (``DTM_UART_WITH_UPDATER_CONTROLLER``
>    or ``DTM_SPI_WITH_UPDATER_CONTROLLER`` depending on which interface you want to use).

Reviewer: It looks like the directory structure changed in X-CUBE-WB05N package v2.0.0:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8235b4a0-4b7d-4840-9a63-70cd099d9770)
compared to v1.1.0 which is what's currently documented:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/39ad457c-1d3a-4f60-81ea-f48371fbbeec)

---

```suggestion
   in the ``Utilities/BLE_Transparent_Mode_STM32WB05_controller_only`` directory
   (``SPI`` / ``UART`` sub-directories depending on which interface you want to use).
```

| TX       | D1                    |
+----------+-----------------------+

> The SPI default settings are:

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
The default settings for SPI are:
```

Author: Both of them are grammatically right and deliver the same meaning. Is there a reason for your suggestion?

Reviewer: I find this order more natural. Just a matter of taste I guess :slightly_smiling_face: 

Closing the comment.
